  This project is entitled as “Green Shield: Deep Learning-Based Elephant Detection System for Securing Wildlife Habitats against Unauthorized Access System”. This project is developed using Python using Flask framework. Elephant detection in various environments, such as forests, wildlife reserves, and agricultural areas, is crucial for monitoring biodiversity, preventing human-wildlife conflicts, and ensuring the safety of both animals and humans. Traditional methods of elephant detection, such as manual monitoring and basic image processing techniques, are often time-consuming, labor-intensive, and prone to errors. In this study, we propose an advanced deep learning-based approach for efficient and accurate elephant detection using the YOLOv5 (You Only Look Once version 5) object detection algorithm. YOLOv5, known for its speed and precision, is leveraged to detect multiple elephant species from images and video feeds. 
  The model is trained on a diverse dataset containing various elephant classes to ensure robustness across different terrains and lighting conditions. By integrating transfer learning techniques, the model achieves high accuracy even with limited training data. This approach offers significant advantages, including processing capabilities, high detection accuracy, and the ability to operate in complex environments. The deployment of this system can facilitate wildlife conservation efforts, enhance security measures in agricultural settings, and contribute to the development of intelligent monitoring systems in natural habitats. The results demonstrate that YOLOv5 can effectively and efficiently detect animals, making it a valuable tool for ecological monitoring and wildlife management.
*********************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
                                                                            NOTE
                                                                        ************
sendSMS.py > 
account_sid = 'your ssid'  ## BUY NEW 'TWILIO' ID AND PAST IT INSIDE ( '  ' )
auth_token = 'your auth token'  ## BUY NEW 'TWILIO' TOKEN AND PAST IT INSIDE ( '  ' )
to='recivers number',  ## INSIDE THIS ( '  ' ) ENTER RECIVER NUMBER
from_='senders number'  ##  INSIDE THIS ( '  ' ) ENTER SENDER NUMBER 
